We all have our moments
when we suddenly lose it,
but his was in a whole different league.
He was like a cuckoo,
caught between two families.
You're not responsible for
how he's turning out, Ed.
You think you are, but you're not.
And divorce is hardly a
novelty these days, is it?
But he didn't belong in either of them.
Your mother may be
blind to the guilt trips
and the poor, misunderstood
crap you pull, but I'm not.
What about your dad? Build some bridges.
Maybe even think about moving
into his place for a while.
He might surprise you.
- My stepsister's moved in with us.
- And you like her?
Half-brother, stepbrother... we're
all one family now, aren't we?
It's happening again, Gran.
It's like it takes me over.
You have to control it.
- Your grandfather lost control and...
- And what?
And yet losing control...
still haunted him.
Synced and corrected by Aaronnmb
www.addic7ed.com.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
He kept doing that
fight-or-flight thing.
But what if that threat is inside you?
No matter how fast you run...
or where you go...
there's no escape.
Turn on all the taps and make
sure the system's drained.
Jesus. Are you OK?
You don't know where my
errant son is by chance?
Er... he texted. Something
about going to his dad's.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Who's hungry?
- Do you need a hand, or...
- Sure.
You could just take
those to his room for me.
Sure.
So, how are you settling in?
At college, here...
and all points between?
All good.
Why don't you and I do
something on Saturday?
Your dad can baby-sit.
We could check out a few clothes shops,
maybe get some lunch?
Catch a movie, even.
I've got college stuff to
catch up on this weekend, so...
Yeah, well, some other time.
That went well.
- Yeah?
- Is he home yet?
- I thought he was at yours.
- I'm at the hospital with Beth.
- Everything all right?
- Well...
I'm a surgeon, I work here.
We thought it was labour, it was
a false alarm. Shock, probably.
Shock?
Yeah, something at home.
The damn water tank exploded.
And he was there, Hannah.
And he legged it, just like
he did after the car crash.
What the hell is going on with that boy?
Has he no shred of...
common humanity whatsoever?
Is there a swimming pool at the hotel?
It's not a holiday, Jack,
just a stop-gap until we
get this place fixed up.
- How long?
- Three or four days.
Just pop those in the
car for me, please.
I've sent pictures to the insurers.
That's about all we can do for now.
Are you ready?
Why would it suddenly go like that?
The water tank just
suddenly crack like that?
A fault in the seal? God
knows, I'm not a plumber.
You always say surgery's like plumbing.
It's not just the water tank,
it's like an earthquake hit.
And why would he run away like that?
What's going on?
Come on inside.
Are you OK?
I heard something.
The wind.
We should get one of those apps for him.
The guys at work were talking about it,
a GPS thing that tracks your kid's
movement without them knowing.
What, spy on him?
Better than you lying
awake every night worrying.
So, why do you have all
that stuff on your computer?
All that death and disaster stuff.
I had a snoop.
It reminds me, no matter
how bad my shit gets...
it has to be doable.
How bad does it get?
Sometimes, if I hope for
something, I know it won't happen...
just cos I hoped for it.
You into all that as well?
I once asked an RS teacher
if God created the universe,
then who created God?
And he said, "It's because no-one
created Him that makes Him God."
They've got it all nailed
down in the small print.
When my mum got sick...
and all the pain she was in and...
Dad said it was God's way of testing us.
Testing our faith.
And I failed.
Why keep wearing it?
It was hers.
Wait, wait. No, this isn't
right. This isn't right.
We can't... This isn't right.
We shouldn't be doing this.
This can't happen...
ever.
Are you all ri...
What's happening?
No, no. Don't come in, there's glass.
- Did you do that?
- Leave me to this.
Will you see to the baby, please?
What happened?
I didn't touch it.
- Right.
- I didn't go near it.
I'm gonna clean this up in the morning.
You'd best sleep on the sofa tonight.
Where have you been?
You do know Beth ended up in hospital?
They thought she was having the babies.
False alarm.
How could you do that?
Run off and leave her in that state?
Well, I didn't know, did I?
She was all right when I left.
What is going on with you?
Why can't you tell me?
Don't sweat the small stuff, Mum.
I'm fine.
Right, you lot, it's coming this arvo.
It's only 100cc at the moment,
but once I've got a
bit of paper together,
- I'm gonna ramp that up.
- Yeah, we gotta pimp her up.
Flags, reflectors, tail-fin
exhausts. She'll be cool.
As if my dad will ever go for that.
Why is it cars and motorbikes
are always called she?
Cos we like to ride 'em.
Is he always such a creep?
Only 90% of the time.
Hey.
What's up with you, bro?
I've just got some shit
going on, man, that's all.
Such as?
You know where I am, yeah. Whenever.
Cheers, man. Actually,
Az, can you do me a favour?
Sign me in, please.
Anyone asks, say...
say I'm in the library.
- Where's he going?
- I don't know.
Something's going on with him, though.
Are you OK?
See this? In her room.
She never touched the stuff
before, never went near it.
And you know that for a fact, do you?
What do you really know about
her? And I mean really know?
Who her friends were, what
she thinks, what she feels...
Why are you acting like this?
Because I will not let
you make him a scapegoat.
You know perfectly well
you've been no kind of father
to that girl all these years.
And now you want to make
up for it. Yeah, right.
Well, it's too little, too late.
So much for us being a team.
You mentioned your stepsister yesterday,
about having feelings for her.
Did something happen there?
Nothing's gonna happen.
I told you.
And building those bridges with
your dad that we talked about,
how did that go?
It didn't.
It happened again.
The control thing, I... I lost it and...
And?
I trashed his house.
And what triggered that?
A row.
- With your dad?
- Stepmother.
When you lose control like
that, how does it feel?
I mean, physically. Describe it.
Everything gets, like,
heightened... intense...
sounds and colours...
my hands go ice-cold...
and I can hear my own
heart... throbbing,
pounding deep in here.
And emotionally, what do
you feel when that happens?
Ecstasy.
Sorry, receptionist is off today.
One minute.
Sorry about that.
I want you to take a look at this.
Here, deep inside the brain
is something called the limbic system.
It regulates all of our emotions.
Passion, pleasure...
anger, fear.
But if it gets impaired in some way,
a hormone dysfunction
or injury or whatever,
it ceases to function effectively,
your emotions can get out of whack.
They start to control you
rather than vice versa.
I'd like to send you for some tests.
A blood test, a brain scan, just
to rule anything like that out, OK?
It's a routine precaution, that's all.
Just so we know the best
course of treatment to go for.
I can call your dad,
he can go with you...
You said what happened here
is between us, no-one else.
I stand by that. I just thought
you could use the support.
But what if it's something else?
What if I was born with
it and it can't be treated
and I can never control it?
Why would you think that?
Whatever's going on, we're
going to deal with it, OK?
Go on. In the middle! In the middle!
Jack!
Yes!
That's my boy!
Hey, Azfal.
- So, is this the new scooter.
- Yep.
Coming for a spin?
- Ready?
- OK.
- Keep your legs on there.
- All right. Like this?
- Yeah.
- OK.
- Hold on tight.
- All right.
Looking back, the signs were there...
we just didn't see them.
Or we didn't want to see them.
We were all set on a collision
course but we never saw it coming.
Not for him, for me...
or any of us.
Bless us, Lord, and these thy gifts
that we are about to receive
from thy merciful bounty, through
Jesus Christ, our Lord. Amen.
Do you want to explain this?
You first.
What, am I not allowed
my own personal space now?
Not if that's what you're
gonna use it for, no.
Where'd you get it?
- Victor.
- I want an answer.
It's mine.
Everybody does it, Dad,
it's not a big deal.
It's illegal. Excuse me,
I call that a big deal.
It's the first step to
hard drugs, to addiction.
Your brain is still developing.
You want to risk doing it
long-term damage, permanent damage?
Someone's been Googling.
I'll say this just once.
So long as you live under my roof
you do not give, sell or provide
my daughter with any
more of this filth, ever.
- Do you understand me?
- Except it's not your roof, is it?
Cos my dad paid off the
mortgage in the divorce.
So technically, it's
his roof, and his house.
You're like...
a lodger here.
Go to your room.
You stay.
There are less confrontational
ways of handling things, Victor.
Yeah, well, we lodgers
are a dumb lot, aren't we?
You didn't need to do that.
No biggie.
Anyway, thanks.
Yeah.
I assume this isn't
a professional visit.
I was hoping to talk about your lad.
Thought it best to do it in person,
but if now's not a good time...
I know teenagers can be rebellious,
volatile and the rest. I know that.
But he... he's...
he's beyond reach. Beyond
mine anyway, and his mother's.
He's out all hours of the night,
and when he is home, it's back-chat
or you can't get a word out...
As you say, par for the
course for teenagers.
The other night he smashed
up his room for no reason.
Is that par for the course, too?
Yep. Two minutes.
My daughter lives with
us now. Did he tell you?
I can't have him doing that stuff
around her, getting her into all that.
The weed.
And God knows whatever else he's into.
I'm the bad guy, aren't I?
I'm the wicked stepfather.
I'm the last person
he's gonna listen to.
Hannah won't... or can't confront him.
It's like, I don't know, she feels
guilty about your marriage ending.
Not that she's anything
to feel guilty about there.
I hardly think the blame game is
particularly fruitful at this point.
Hannah mentioned your late
father, his grandfather.
She said she saw some
photographs of him,
how he and the boy are
dead spit of each other.
Two peas in a pod, she says.
She said something about him
having mental health problems.
Do you think that's what we
could be looking at here, too?
That's quite a leap
I'm just trying to find a way...
There's no empirical
evidence that genetic factors
are the cause of behavioural issues.
It's not only simplistic to go
down that road, it's ill-informed.
You know something's not right with him.
Why else would you be
sending him to that shrink?
Or do you pay him to
listen so you don't have to?
This conversation is over.
I came here in good faith because
I'm running out of road with that boy.
I've got my own family to think of.
They're my priority now
as he should be yours.
Er... stay here.
Are you OK?
She started freaking out in the hotel,
said we had to come back.
She's been at it since we got here.
Did I do right to call you? Only she
was weirding me out with it and...
Yeah, of course, of course.
Go watch TV for a
bit, OK? It's all good.
I'm here now.
Look at it! And they've barely
started on the damn plastering.
It's gonna be weeks at this rate.
They're probably just sitting
on their backsides all day
because no-one's keeping tabs on them.
Well, we could stay at the
hotel and do that, sweetheart.
I could pop by on my way to
work, keep an eye on progress.
Progress? There's a crack in
the ceiling in the bedroom.
And look at these scratches.
They applied the seal
before they removed them.
The only way is to be here to check on
them before they screw up anything else.
OK.
But stressing out about it isn't gonna
do you or the babies any good, is it?
Come on, let's get you upstairs.
Seriously, Beth, you need to rest.
The plumber said it wasn't the
seal that broke on the water tank.
He said it looked like
the thing just exploded.
Literally exploded.
An act of God, he called it.
What if it wasn't God? What
if it was... something else?
Like what?
It was bad luck, that's all.
It happens.
No-one is immune from it.
Let's get you upstairs,
you need to rest.
It was all so perfect.
If it can happen once, it
can happen again, can't it?
No. Lightning never
strikes twice, does it?
You must be telepathic.
I've only just this minute
been trying to call your father.
Now, not to alarm you, pet,
but your gran's had what's called a TIA,
a mini stroke.
Hey, Gran.
What have you been up to?
You're going to get through this, OK?
That's an order.
Why not close your eyes for a bit?
I'll sit with you.
Hi.
So, is this how it's
going to be with us?
The big freeze?
The thing about Azfal is...
he'll chat up anything in a skirt.
Thanks for the heads up.
Sometimes I do stuff.
Bad stuff.
Like what?
You don't want to know.
I do, as it goes.
Some graffiti near my dad's house.
"The urge to destroy is creative".
Do you believe that?
I might, if I knew what it meant.
This stuff you do...
how bad is it?
You know what I think?
I don't think you have
a bad bone in your body.
- You don't know the half of it.
- So tell me.
If I did...
I'd have to kill you.
You think we can do this
whole brother-and-sister thing?
We have to.
Easier said than done.
I didn't say it was easy.
Maybe I can make it easy.
- Come in, Mr Jarrett.
- Thank you.
My boys.
He forgot his packed lunch again.
See you in a bit.
He's not in a very good
place at the moment, Faith.
He really doesn't need any
more... complications in his life.
However we got here,
we're a family now, but...
we're hanging on by a thread.
We used to come here
every weekend, you and I.
Do you remember?
It was that roundabout,
you used to love it.
- All right, ready?
- Yeah, go.
So, you're seeing the shrink again?
Is it helping?
She'll be all right, won't she?
Gran.
She's a lot tougher than people think.
Where'd you get this?
What made him do it?
"The balance of his mind was
disturbed," to quote the coroner.
His note said something
about by ending his life,
he might save the lives of others.
He suffered from delusions.
He was obsessed with the idea
that he had psychic powers,
that he could move objects
through thought control.
Not that it made him happy.
If anything, he was tortured by it.
That's why I became a surgeon.
The safe harbour of logic...
reason.
The science of deduction.
Then again, maybe we all
rebel against our fathers
when we discover they're not perfect.
I was thinking...
maybe I could come
live with you for a bit.
Because of Victor?
No, it's just... things are
kind of heavy at home right now.
I would like nothing more.
You have no idea.
Beth is very fragile at the moment
since that damn business
with the water tank.
And you legging it away
like that didn't help.
I'll try harder with her. I will.
She just... she can't deal with...
chaos, uncertainty.
If she's not in control she...
she finds it threatening.
When the babies come,
when we're in a routine,
when she's more settled,
I'll broach it with her then.
A couple of months, max.
You can hang on that long, can't you?
No worries.
Late for clinic.
Dinner next week? Yeah? I'll text you.
It was just a white lie.
Just one stupid white lie.
I only did it to protect him.
Instead, I pushed him into the abyss.
- Hey.
- Where are you?
I'm at the library
finishing an assignment.
Look, whatever's getting
on between us, we need to,
you know, deal with it.
One way or the other.
Can we talk about this later?
OK.
So I'm your assignment now, am I?
I don't know how you...
All right, I'm off. See you later?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
Oh, my God!
Azfal! Azfal!
I'm a nurse.
I came as soon as I could.
I can't make it stop.
It just keeps coming,
it keeps happening.
What? What keeps happening?
- I did a wrong thing, a bad thing.
- All right, take a breath, OK?
Calm down.
- What kind of bad thing?
- I didn't mean to, I didn't mean it.
Hey, stop that. Enough. Stop.
Just tell me what you did.
I can't help you if you don't tell...
I didn't want this.
I never asked for it.
I got it from him, my
grandfather. He had it, too.
He could do it, too.
Move things with this.
You don't believe me?
- You want proof? I can give you proof.
- You don't have to prove anything to me.
I need you to believe me.
Don't you get it? I can't
be alone with it any more.
All right, fine.
Prove it.
Now do you believe me?
Synced and corrected by Aaronnmb
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org